# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic
Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

- Fix the `collectstatic` management command execution (bad `STATICFILES_DIRS` definition)

## [1.0.0-beta.3] - 2019-03-15

### Changed

- Improved Docker image: now it does not ship with the project sources but only with runtime-required requirements (_i.e._ the sandbox and richie's package installed globally).

### Fixed

- Richie templates now live in core instead of sandbox.
- Reorganize the search frontend to support nested filters.
- The CI now effectively tests packaging issues.
- The `apps.core.fields` module is no longer missing from Richie's package.
- Fixed the `bin/pylint` script to work with the default database engine (PostgreSQL)
- Fixed `rebuild` & `bootstrap` Makefile rules

## [1.0.0-beta.2] - 2019-03-13

### Added

- Users can create a custom taxonomy of categories in the CMS (eg. Subjects with Computer Science (incl. Algorithms & Data Structures), History, etc., and Levels with Beginner, Intermediate, etc.).
- Filters are dynamically generated by the backend to support custom meta categories (level 1 nodes in the category taxonomy) and fix structual issues with dates.
- Integrate the homepage and fill it with content in the demo-site.
- Integrate a design for the list of organizations page.

### Fixed

- Richie is compatible with MySQL, with database switching utilities and dedicated tests.
- Full-text searches also search in linked object names, such as categories & organizations.
- Make improvements to the demo site to make it more representative of real-world use.
- Don't break course pages if there is no linked organization.
- Fix i18n issues that broke the backend when using other languages than the default english.
- Prevent display glitches during loading of the courses search page.

## [1.0.0-beta.1] - 2019-02-06

### Added

- Publish a `master` tagged docker image to DockerHub. It is supposed to reflect
  the `master` branch state.

### Fixed

- The simple_text_ckeditor plugin was not discovered as a python module and thus
  not distributed with Richie's python package.
- The organization logo maximal size is now restrained to its container size.
- We no longer publish development images to DockerHub as they appear useless.

## [1.0.0-beta.0] - 2019-02-04

This release indicates our intention to release richie 1.0. It also marks the beginning of this changelog.

Here are the core features that enabled us to reach this milestone:

- index the courses, organizations & subjects (now categories) in ElasticSearch from the DjangoCMS models;
- create course snapshots to keep a history of the versions of a course Page throughout its various course runs;
- add full text search queries to the course Search;
- handle facet counts for all our filters in course Search;
- develop plugins for all essential parts: courses, organizations, categories, people, licences...

As we prepare to release, here are some improvements and fixes still ahead of us:

- allow nesting of categories, to let users customize "meta" categories and build their own subtrees;
- finish integrating the missing pages and improve the sandbox environment;
- test and polish the use of richie as a django app / node dependency.

[unreleased]: https://github.com/openfun/richie/compare/v1.0.0-beta.3...master
[1.0.0-beta.3]: https://github.com/openfun/richie/compare/v1.0.0-beta.2...v1.0.0-beta.3
[1.0.0-beta.2]: https://github.com/openfun/richie/compare/v1.0.0-beta.1...v1.0.0-beta.2
[1.0.0-beta.1]: https://github.com/openfun/richie/compare/v1.0.0-beta.0...v1.0.0-beta.1
[1.0.0-beta.0]: https://github.com/openfun/richie/compare/11ec5d911b9a9097535adbbf4f62957a7ab05356...v1.0.0-beta.0
